Edits Multisig and Pure Proxy Pages (#5268)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-proxies-pure.md

that Charly will need to pay for some weight, for the computation that is necessary to execute the
transaction.

#### Scenario Three: Multisig controlling a Pure Proxy

This setup is used by the [MultiX](./learn-account-multisig.md#multisig-with-multix-tool) tool.

After its creation, a multi-signature account creates a pure proxy that becomes the proxied account.
The multi-signature account behaves as _any_ proxy of the pure. If signatories of the
multi-signature account change, a new multisig can be created, assigned as _any_ proxy of the pure,
and then the old multisig can be removed as a proxy.

![multisig with pure](../assets/multisig-with-pure.png)

> Compared to [Scenario Two](#scenario-two-multisig-made-of-pure-proxies), signatories do not need to
> create pure proxies here. It is a more practical solution; the number of signatories and threshold
> can be changed, but the multisig address will also change. In Scenario Two, if signatories change,
> the address of the multisig stays the same. However, changing the number of signatories and
> threshold will require the creation of a new multisig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to [Scenario Two](#scenario-two-multisig-made-of-pure-proxies), signatories do not need to
create pure proxies here. Multisig controlling a Pure Proxy is a more practical solution, where the signatories, number of signatories and/or the threshold can be changed, which changes the multisig address but does not impact the pure proxy address. In Scenario Two, if signatories behind the pure proxies change,
the address of the multisig stays the same. However, changing the number of signatories and
threshold would not be possible.
```
